{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 INK CHANGELOG
\b0 \
\

\b Ink 1.6.4 (12 Jun. 2018)\

\b0 - Fixed scrollbar / panel resize issue.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Ink 1.6.3 (14 Mar. 2017)
\b0 \
- Now all layers get deselected once Ink has completed \
the documenting operation.\
\

\b Ink 1.6.2 (15 Jan. 2017)
\b0 \
- Minor changes\
\

\b Ink 1.6.1 (09 Nov. 2016)
\b0 \
- Added 9pt size specs text size\
- Fixed rulers - specs text bubble distance bug\
\

\b Ink 1.6.0 (28 Jul. 2016)
\b0 \
- Added font type selector dropdown\
- General improvements\
\

\b Ink 1.5.6 (01 Jul. 2016)
\b0 \
- Added switch to document layers without measuring.\
- UI settings storing bug fix.\
\

\b Ink 1.5.5 (12 Mar. 2016)
\b0 \
- Added switch to output css / hex color values.\
\

\b Ink 1.5.4 (22 Jan. 2016)
\b0 \
- History improvements. Now Ink actions are packed in one history state.\
\

\b Ink 1.5.3 (9 Dec. 2015)
\b0 \
- Fixed missing font color spec bug\
- Minor refactoring\
\

\b Ink 1.5.2 (8 Dec. 2015)
\b0 \
- Re-enabled support for documents without artboard\
- Fixed selection bug\
- Fixed text documentation bug\
- Minor performance improvements\
\

\b Ink 1.5.1 (14 Nov. 2015)\

\b0 - Improved performance
\b \

\b0 \

\b Ink 1.5.0 (13 Nov. 2015)\

\b0 - Artboard support, finally\
- Minor UI improvements and bugfixes\
\

\b Ink 1.3.7 (20 Jul. 2015)\

\b0 - Manual Build for Photoshop CC 2015\
- Alert for Artboards (not supported yet)\
\

\b Ink 1.3.2 (27 Oct. 2014)\

\b0 - Selection-based measurements are now padding-free for better control.\
\

\b Ink 1.3.1 (20 Oct. 2014)\

\b0 - New interface\
- Options are now tabbed to save vertical space\
\

\b Ink 1.3.0 (12 Oct. 2014)\

\b0 - User settings are now stored into preferences\
- Set Output text colour feature added\
- Set Measures colour feature added\
- Set Text bubble colour feature added\
- Set Text size feature added\
- Set Ruler stroke feature added\
\

\b Ink 1.2.7\

\b0 - Quick fix for Photoshop CC 2014 support\
\

\b Ink 1.2.6\

\b0 - Ink now prints an .XML documentation file with all the layers properties.
\b \
\
Ink 1.2.5\

\b0 - Text Output cleanup.\
- Minor bugfixes.\
- Minor performance improvements. \
\

\b Ink 1.2.4\

\b0 - CSS3 documentation support. \
\

\b Ink 1.2.3 (8 Mar. 2014)\

\b0 - Quick bug fix for FX listing.\
\

\b Ink 1.2.2 (6 Mar. 2014)\

\b0 - Added support for Fill Opacity property.\
\

\b Ink 1.2.1 (4 Mar. 2014)\

\b0 - Photoshop CC Panel version is now HTML5 based and compiled through Extension Builder.\
- Retina support for Photoshop CC.\
- Minor changes in the access to the .jsx script.\
\

\b Ink 1.2.0 (1 Mar. 2014)\

\b0 - Improved UI\
- Improved output text clarity\
- Improved output text (documents gradients based stroke fx)\
- New documenter engine.\
\

\b Ink 1.1.0 (26 Feb. 2014)\

\b0 - Html based UI\
- Improved output UI (text bubble on/off)\
- Improved output text (gradient colorstops)\
- Added garbage collection script to improve performance\
- Fixed bug affecting documents with units different than pixels\
- Several minor bug fixes\
\

\b Ink 1.0.7\

\b0 - Fixed text leading output value\
- Improved output UI (text bubble)\
\

\b Ink 1.0.6\

\b0 - Fixed layer main opacity output bug\
- Fixed fx rgba colour output inconsistency\
- Improved final text output\
\

\b Ink 1.0.5\

\b0 - Font style (bold, light, italic and so on..) support\
\

\b Ink 1.0.4\

\b0 - basic smartObjects and raster layers support\
\

\b Ink 1.0.3
\b0 \
- Fixed drop / inner shadow angle output when global lighting is disabled.\
- Fixed inner shadow rgba() output.}